Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's James Arness.
And here he is, taking time out of his busy schedule as Marshal Matt Dillon to talk a bit about forest fires.
You know, Smokey, I've seen some mighty bad forest and range fires in my time.
And I know what the fellas who had to fight them meant when they said if we could just get our hands on whoever let this fire get away.
There's no tougher, more frustrating job than fighting a wild running forest or range fire.
We ought to keep this in mind every time we strike a match outdoors, whenever we light up a smoke or whenever we use a campfire.
Wildfires caused by carelessness kill not only the grass and the trees, but wildlife too, and sometimes human beings as well.
Carelessness with fire is bad business.
And it's against the law, so all of us should keep this in mind, too.
Thank you, Marshal.
I mean, Mr. Arness.
Carelessness with fire is bad business.
Everyone pays for such carelessness one way or another.
Now the Sons of the Pioneers here are going to sing an old favorite of yours, Whispering Wind.
[Music.]
All day through there's an ooh Like the sign of a soul in distress. Nighttime blue
Rings an ooh As it sings of a loneliness. Just like a prayer Set adrift in the air, Calling me home again.
Whispering wind comes a wing and a melody to welcome me back.
Whispering wind, keep on singing.
I'm coming to someone who cares.
Stars a-shining the prairie skies.
Guide my steps onto Paradise.
Whispering wind, softly callin', oh weary one, hurry on home.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own State Forestry Department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember...
Only you can prevent forest and range fires.
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear, prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]